So now we're going to work on this media section.
We're going to have the library.
Are we going to be able to upload new images?
So all that will happen at this point.
That will happen in here when you try to create a post.
That's where we need this media feature at the moment.
But obviously that will be used in many of the pages that our main focus at this time being is having
that feature here.
All right.
So when we click, let me see this one finished, finished here.
So when you're trying to upload, when we're trying to create a new post, we want to have this button.
When we click, we will have these two components.
One is the add new media, which is this one, and another one has all the media library.
That is this one, too.
Basically these two components we're showing here.
All right.
So let's first work on this by working this button.
It's create a model.
So that's what we're going to show those components.
Okay, so let's welcome this button that screwed the model and then we go and start creating these components.
So let's go to the admin posts new.
And first thing we need here to double the model's visibility from true to false.
We're going to have that in the state.
So we've got the visible already.
Can we just turn to what is that do use from.
That's used for I think preview.
Okay.
So that visible is used for preview.
Then we can just create another one with a different name and.
Let's call it.
Media model.
All right.
This comment on state media model.
State media model equals to use date by default.
False.
All right.
So once you have that, actually, let's call it visible media, right?
Visible media said.
Said Visual media.
Then we want the button, so let's make sure we have the button component.
This we do.
So we're going to put that button just under the preview.
All right.
So let's follow it down.
We've got this preview button.
Let me just copy this button.
Put it down here and then turn this to other good featured images.
Featured in this.
And we can have that icon as you.
Featured in is this run and.
So what are you going to do on click?
We're going to double the visibility of that media said to media visual visible media to two.
When this button is clicked, said visible media and visible media will be true.
Then if it is true, then we want to show that model.
All right.
So let me just go to.
Okay, so we got that.
We got that.
Let's have that icon as well.
So let's go on top.
So we looked in for that.
I come from.
And that's.
That one is called upload.
I'm not really sure.
Might be.
This might be just a guess.
Let's try that 920 soon.
I feel that it means.
Let me put that I can here.
Okay.
So that's right.
So.
Got that.
Beautiful.
Now, when we click, we're going to show the model.
So that means we can come down here.
And create another model.
We already have one.
Let's create another one.
Let's give it a name.
Bit of comment here.
This one is used for preview model.
This one will be for media all.
Okay.
So let's create the model.
So here in the model we're going to so let let me just read down here from the social media component
with two tabs.
So the two tabs will be
upload, upload files, let's call it upper files and media.
Media members.
Okay.
So.
He basically will be showing the two components, but at the moment, they just work on this model.
So here, first of all, visible,
visible will be based on the stuff that is visible media.
If it is true, it will be visible and centered on the base.
We can give it a title.
Let's call it media.
And then to close on.
Okay we use at a function.
So basically we want to.
Said the visibility falls to said visible medium to falls.
And on council to have them do the same thing to copy based on cancel.
Set the visibility to false.
We can give the costume with some custom with that.
720 And we don't want us for the footer to put in all.
So let's let's try it.
Let's try clicking on this one and let's see if that works.
And you can see it so started here.
All right.
So when we click.
We get this model basically here, we want to show the two components that we need to create those components
and just put them here.
We're going to use the attempts to show these components just like we have here in the finished product.
It will be like that.
Now you also notice that it is the model is right on top.
And if you want that, instead of being in the center of the page, you can.
What he wouldn't do is.
Actually, it is quite simple.
We just don't have to pass that to move the center and that will put it on the top.